Principle
Vagina: Mr. and Mrs. Smith.
thank you for taking time
off work to come in.
So. what's this about.
Principal vagina?
Yeah. what is this about?
You're not a leaner.
You don't have that in you.
Go sit at your desk like the
outer city principal you are.
Morty! Summer! Stop.
Their latest offense
had students
packing their gums with
this...
This growth gives users
perfect memories.
And there's no right way
to put this...
the student body now do nothing
but relive their
intimate achievements.
Yes. more!
More canola oil!
Add to that Morty replacing
himself with ninja clones.
Summer making toilets
chant your weight when you sit.
and this is their third
sci-fi strike this semester.
Morty and Summer
are officially expelled.
Expelled? Can't you just
suspend them with pay?
What has gotten into you two?
You're unrecognizable
lately...
Mom gets red when she's angry.
Do we have any canola oil?
Ugh!
Add muting adults to the list.
So I wasn't having
a mental breakdown.
Phew! Quit
summoning me like this.
People are gonna think
I'm a genie.
Dad. the kids just got expelled
for being high-concept assholes.
Turning people into carrots
won't help you beat
the genie allegations.
I won't dignify that
with a response. Jerry.
but I will make you
a carrot at some point.
Too much. Too much!
My bones were my skin
and my organs were frozen
in the orange marrow
my blood became.
Oh. dear. The kids aren't
expelled. They aren't expelled!
A! All A's! Every class!
Dad. this
is why they're so spoiled.
You bail them out before
they ever learn a lesson.
Yeah. you turned out
so awesome without him.
Don't give Rick
that much credit.
he's not bailing us out.
he's being a lazy piece of shit.
The fuck you just say?
Ugh! Little bitch
Ninja-logged me.
See? Okay. you win.
I heard about this
sleepaway camp off-world.
that
rich people ship their spoiled kids to.
You're sending them away?
Shouldn't you be
handling it yourself?
This is me handling it.
You want me to find a switch?
Bend 'em over?
Give 'em the ol' hot seat?
I know you're being sarcastic.
but I don't like
the excitement in your voice.
Good. Oh. whatever.
Keep turning your problems
into carrots.
Beth!
Pack your shit.
This is bullshit.
How else are we supposed to
treat our normie-ass classmates?
We're literally
in space right now.
Yeah. why do we get punished
for being better than everyone?
Because you aren't. I am.
You two are remora...
too fucking spoiled
to know you're mooching
off a shark.
Ugh! Whatever. bro.
Me and Summer have grown so much
we arced onto same page.
But I guess we haven't grown
as much as your
fucking bald spot.
Yeah. you dumb bitch!
It's pickleball-sized now.
Oh. wow. Wow!
Look at Beyoncé.
rolling up the partition.
Ho ho! Did I make the cover?
I can't believe
you wanted to.
you fucking loser.
Goddamn it!
His thirsty ass picked up
on the first ring.
What are you doing?
Reminding you who the shark
is.
Oh! Thank God.
It's... over...
If you thought
that dial was bad.
check out this button.
On your feet. maggots!
Move! Move! Move! Move!
Let's go!
Listen. whatever
this is. I can't dig holes all summer.
I have gentle hands.
piano player's hands!
Well. put those hands to work...
Doin' whatever
the fuck you want!
So. just to be clear?
The
kids took over the camp.
Oh! Uh... g-good?
You feel that? The AC?
Beth. you know. if it's over
65 degrees. I get hives.
No. This is the first time
we've had the house
to ourselves since...
I know she keeps drugs in here.
She's 17 and hangs out
with my dad.
Ooh.
I think I found some.
Oh. thank God. I mean... oh. no.
Not sure what goes
in what orifice. Ooh.
This looks familiar enough.
Still got it.
Huh. Do you feel anything?
I mean...
I'm feeling...
G-great.
We should steal a car!
Beth? Future carrot?
I dropped off the little freaks.
You two wanna grab a drink?
Shh.
We... we aren...
We aren't home.
What? U-oh. Beth. gross.
Just don't reply next time.
Ahh.
How'd Summer
get drugs from Japan?
What even is this stuff?
Oh. man. we totally
had you guys.
It's not a real camp anymore.
We campers overthrew
the counselors years ago.
Years ago. Yeah. ya goofy hoes!
We run this shit now.
Anything you want? We got.
Anything you wanna do? You do.
Can I fire a bazooka
on a skateboard?
C'mon. you know the answer.
Oh. my God. I'm gonna do it.
So what happened
to the counselors?
Murdered 'em.
Fuck. Oh. God.
That's where we dump our lame.
Pretty sick. right?
Sickly... awesome.
Let's give 'em a tour.
Oh. Ow. ow. ow. ow.
Is he okay?
Oh. God. Who gives a shit?
That's the amphitheater.
Great place to get fucked.
That's the archery range.
Perfect place to get fucked.
That's the cafeteria.
Super awesome place...
We get it.
But where does everything else.
like. come from?
A bunch of us have trust funds.
so we just DoorDash
anything we want.
Greek food incoming.
And... no tip.
What. I didn't see him make it.
Excuse me. Edward Merlot
Hands coming through.
Look. you're the first kid
to show up here in ages.
So. uh...
Do you two solemnly swear
to dedicate your life
to the party?
Woop woop! Yeah!
I'm gonna party 'til my face
fucking face melts off!
Well. I guess being
high forever isn't all bad.
I'll lose my job and...
and... and. uh.
try to understand
Jackson Pollock paintings.
It was a visualization
of suicide.
Aw. it totally was.
You ruined it!
Are we really gonna be
high forever?
C-Can we Google this?
We can Google anything.
Oh. Jer Bear. look!
They have some version of Narcan
at a pharmacy
the next solar system over.
How are we supposed
to get there?
My dad has a way to hail
space cabs in the garage.
Come on.
How's this not needing him?
Cause we're doing it
behind his back.
How do these work again?
Like this. watch.
Oh. wow.
Oh. that's way easier!
You can't back out of this deal.
I got a pallet full
of people-sized carrots.
"Not your problem?"
Oh. it's about to be.
If we make irregular rhythms...
...he can't
hear us under there.
He's your dad.
not the god of Arrakis.
All right. Zarz Dinnarz
will be here
in what I'm guessing
is three minutes...
Oh. that was seconds.
Hey! For. um. Rick?
You may enter me.
Uh. okay.
Ah! Please sit still.
I have taken a form
your butts desire.
Oh. my God.
this is the exact limo
we took to prom.
Those can't be real pretzels?
Oh. isn't this amazing?
It's like we're hanging out
as kids again.
Oh. everything's slick
like a womb.
Oh. I need to get baby-sized.
If I'm born. I'll rip my mother
from crack to crack!
Everything okay back there?
Uh. do you have
an umbilical cord?
What? Are you people high?
Oh. we shouldn't
have done this. Beth.
We're too old to be this high.
Oh. sweetie.
I'm right here with you.
You're safe. We're safe.
Mm.
Wow.
It's like prom night
all over again.
You found the right hole
eventually.
Where's the moon roof?
I need... I need
to tell the universe
that Beth Sanchez
is the best thing
that's ever happened to me.
Aw. Jer.
Uh. what? Please remain seated.
But how will the cosmos
know how I feel?
My dermis!
Ah! Oh. my God!
Whoo!
Thank you
for choosing Zarz Dinnarz.
Oh. my gosh. is he dying?
No. I'm just tired.
I've been doing a lot
of airport runs at night.
♪ When I get down on my luck
♪ I hide behind my eyes
in Hollywood ♪
♪ They say. "Ain't what you know
but who you know ♪"
♪ You need to know someone
to know no one" ♪
♪ When I get down on my luck ♪
♪ I roll one up and roll around
all by my lonesome ♪
♪ Lost some years.
I used to know ♪
♪ I know my fate like
bullets in a shotgun ♪
♪ When I get down on my luck ♪
♪ I hide behind my eyes
in Hollywood ♪
♪ They say. "Ain't what you know
but who you know ♪"
♪ You need to know someone
to know no one" ♪
♪ When I get down on my luck
♪ I roll one up and roll around
all by my lonesome ♪
♪ Lost some years.
I used to know ♪
♪ I know my fate like
bullets in a shotgun ♪
♪ She loves to dream.
living in and off ♪
♪ And out her mind
in space and time ♪
♪ She takes a line
and lies her life away ♪
♪ You might just say
she stays to go nowhere ♪
Bitch. move.
These assholes have way more
stamina for being assholes.
Boys. Margo's gonna blow!
Oh. look at that. a Fart Baby!
What the fuck! Oh. my God.
False alarm. Just another baby.
Get that Fart Baby a beer!
Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug!
Is that kid gonna be okay?
Fart Baby? Yeah. man.
He will be if he parties.
Fart Baby party!
Dude. this has gotten
out of hand.
Yeah. we gotta bounce before
we turn into
even bigger assholes.
What's this talk about leavin'?
Yeah. we're having
a good time. right?
Kind of feels like
we aren't free to go.
Isn't that technically a rule?
Nah. man.
Besides. all that's out there
is that shitty ass town.
We just need to call
our grandpa.
No phone calls. Okay.
I'm sorry.
but see. that's two rules.
Fuck that shit.
You guys took an oath to rage.
and now you want
to skip out on one?
Yeah. I'm starting to get a real
lame vibe from these two.
And you saw the dead pile
of lame people. right?
Oh. now look what you did.
Fart Baby's crying.
It's okay. Fart Baby.
They're not going anywhere.
They're gonna rage.
Oh. no. no. We're cool.
Then prove it.
I wish we hadn't
given beer to that baby.
Oh. Beth.
I had the strangest dream
we got high forever.
Yeah. this makes
a lot more sense.
Uh. honey.
how long have we been here?
Couple days? Couple weeks?
This store planet has
an artificial sky.
Jerry. look!
Damn it!
It's in jail with the deodorant.
Paging associate. please wait.
Okay.
he's on his way.
Paging
associate. Please wait.
Paging associate. Please wait.
Because he was
a bus ride away. Right.
The whole planet is a mall.
Paging associate. Please
wait. I hope he gets here soon.
Oh. my God. Oh.
He's at an airport. Paging
associate. Please wait.
Connecting flight?!
I can't take this anymore.
Hey. stop right there!
Oh! Yes!
Whoo!
Did it work?
Are we un-high?
We have too few hearts. Jerry.
Too few hearts!
Beth. I called Rick.
What?!
You have a cosmic
safety net for a dad.
Embrace it.
Well. that makes me
feel like a baby.
It's okay to be
a baby sometimes.
I've been a baby our
entire marriage.
But we should all get a turn.
Well.
Well. I... I did have fun.
Me too.
Oh. now I'm invited to hang.
Whoa!
Oh. everyone wants grandpa's
help. but nobody wants grandpa.
If we had a car.
I'd roll the windows up.
Bars have phones. right?
Well. woo!
Look who came down the mountain
to grace us with their presence.
I didn't think you camp assholes
ever left your bubble.
Who gives a shit. lady?
This may be a literal
matter of life and death.
Can we phone our grandfather?
Did not hear a "please."
Bitch. oh. my God! Fine. please!
"Bitch?" 'Scuse me?
I don't think
you can reclaim words.
so I don't appreciate that.
One call. Oh. my God.
thank you so much.
What's his number? 12.
12? That's a phone number?
Grandpa Rick.
you need to come get us!
The campers killed
the guards and counselors.
and now they're living
it up by themselves
and won't let us leave
and I know it seems like
we've learned nothing but we're
done being spoiled assholes.
Hep-
here's the thing.
Rick? H-Hello?
Bye.
Okay. what the fuck?
Couldn't help but hear
there's a load of rich kids
up at that camp
completely unsupervised.
Oh. not... not sure if.
uh. there's a reason
everyone needs to know that.
Oh. there is.
It's visiting day.
For our guns.
Am I high
or are the kids in danger?
Both.
We're being punished
by the universe.
Beth. slap me.
I-It'll sober me up.
Ow! Ow!
Did you see how
I went up and back down?
Dad. we need to save
the kids in a way
where they think
we're not fuck ups
they can just blow off.
Okay. okay. just...
just give me a sec.
Dad! Am I not standing yet?
Why are you s-so dense?
Carry the two...
All right. All right.
Kiiiids. home!
Ow. Did it work?
Are you Rick?
Yes.
The... the same Rick
we just pushed through?
Oh. God.
I-Is this where the kids are?
I'm too fuckin' high for this.
We pushed you through...
and you came out.
Ah!
Do you feel different?
Uh. I don't know.
Do I?
Okey dokey. artichokey.
It's ransom tiiiime.
We googled your parents.
and I gotta tell you something.
you kids are some real
silver spoon fucks.
Except for you two...
you two aren't rich at all.
Ouch. Hurtful.
What'll be "hurtful" is if
we don't get our money.
So you better pray mommy
and daddy pick up the phone.
Yeah? Let's hit it. boys.
We're screwed.
Someone's folks will pay up.
and we'll be out of here
in no time.
You don't know that.
All of our parents left us here
because we're spoiled
pieces of shit.
M-Maybe they aren't
ever coming back.
Oh. thank Christ.
It's different.
Wow. it is.
H-h-hey. Morty! You're here.
Rick. get us out
of this nightmare.
S-sure thing. Morty.
Mortyyyyy.
Mortyyyy.
I like that. What the...
Quit messing around.
Where's the portal gun?
I think I...
I think I left it
in the shopping cart.
What? Did you guys
smoke my High Forever?
Look at me.
You can't get angry. Summer.
I gave it to you. Probably.
Oh. my God. Wow.
They're out of their gourds.
We are zooted.
This is why
we've been acting out.
Because we have absolute
psychos as role models.
You guys are bad parents.
Boo!
This version of everyone's mean.
You know what?
That man over there
is the smartest man
in the universe.
and he always bails us out.
But he ain't bailing
out shit right now.
We need to save ourselves.
Now put that
affluenza to good use
and be the campers
who took over this camp.
Great speech. Summer.
You think so?
I tried to keep it tight.
No. no. It felt good.
I'm fired up.
If we could just get to
the archery shed.
We just need a distraction.
Can't believe these kids
had access to bidets
and didn't think to use them.
I really hate standing guard.
I want to get back to
power washing my asshole.
Look. pal.
don't know how you got here.
but you are clearly lost.
Oh!
Die. stupid bitch.
Jesus Christ. he's so high
he's walkin' through people!
Goddamn. m-maybe I could have
just yelled "Over there!"
or something?
Let's take back this camp...
again.
♪ One. two. three. four
townie blood on the floor ♪
♪ Tear 'em open. tear 'em up
backwoods honkeytonk ♪
♪ Rich kids versus working men
feeling weird to root for them ♪
♪ I'm not gonna pick a team
everyone is dumb and mean! ♪
♪ Nepo babies bust 'em wide
everybody's bad inside ♪
♪ It's a riot. it's a war
no one to be cheering for ♪
♪ Blood on the floor
blood on the floor ♪
♪ Teeth in the blood ♪
♪ I hate the queen! ♪
Rad.
Jesus! I'm saying
I have captured your child.
Be more worried.
Oh. that's good
to hear he's still having
a nice time at camp.
Hello? Oh. my... they... Click?
Click? I'll click you!
That motherfucker hung up.
Do not just stand there.
Get him!
Oh. god!
I'm only one guy.
I already got hit with an arrow!
Why is this so triumphant?
Mom! Mom!
Put the bows down slowly.
Jerry. Tell me you see that?
Oh.
look. there's more over there.
What's going on?
What are they doing?
Ow!
Damn it. "Look over there"
would have worked.
All right.
all right. dial it down.
I'm surrendering.
I know when I'm beat.
Fuckin' A right. See ya.
Whoa. guys! We won!
Jesus. these rich kids
are nutballs.
See what I mean? We're the same.
I wouldn't go that far.
Won't he drown?
Nah. he'll be fine.
Might even sober him up.
Dad. I want you
to meet Fart Baby.
It only drinks beer.
Thanks for coming
to pick us up. space. mom.
Yeah. yeah. No problem.
Let's get out of this camp
that didn't work at all.
Is that Bill fucking Pullman?
Maybe this was good
for all of us.
M-Maybe it will
chill us all out.
Shut up. Don't tell
your parents how to parent.
I want Del Taco now!
How long does
this high even last?
Forever!
That's just the name. mom.
Should be normal...
in a few days.
Summer. did they take that stuff
I gave you for a rainy day?
Why don't you fuck us anymore?
Yeah! We had a good thing going.
Del Taco!
The one Dawn works at.
Fucking throuple us. Come on.
We're gonna see Dawn!
This ride is all
the scared straight we need.
Kids these days
love two things...
The latest trends
and animals selling vices.
Ladies and gentlemen.
I give you "Cool Horse."
Just fucking do it already!
The horse does seem cool.
Did you get any of that?